Add initial content for getHTML (#33494)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/shadowroot/gethtml/index.md

---
title: "ShadowRoot: getHTML() method"
short-title: getHTML()
slug: Web/API/ShadowRoot/getHTML
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.ShadowRoot.getHTML
---

{{APIRef("DOM")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

> The **`getHTML()`** method of the {{domxref("ShadowRoot")}} interface is used to serialize a ShadowRoot's DOM to an HTML string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`getHTML()`** method of the {{domxref("ShadowRoot")}} interface is used to serialize a shadow root's DOM to an HTML string.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
const html = shadowRoot.getHTML(options)
```

### Parameters

- `options` {{optional_inline}}

  - : An options object with the following optional parameters:

    - `serializableShadowRoots`
      - : A boolean value that specifies whether to include serializable shadow roots. The default value is `false`.
    - `shadowRoots`

>       - : An array of {{domxref("ShadowRoot")}} objects to serialize, these are included regardless of whether they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : An array of {{domxref("ShadowRoot")}} objects to serialize. These are included regardless of whether they
```

        are marked as serializable. The default value is an empty array.

### Return value

> A string that represents the HTML serialization of the ShadowRoot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string that represents the HTML serialization of the shadow root.
```
